install guides rework and cleanup (#182)
PhotonVision/photonvision-docs: source/docs/getting-started/installation/mac-os.rst

Mac OS Installation
===================
PhotonVision may be run on a non-M1 Mac for basic testing and evaluation.

> .. note:: Due to `cscore <https://github.com/wpilibsuite/allwpilib/tree/main/cscore>`_ restrictions, the PhotonVision server backend cannot run on macOS.

Reviewer: Wording seems confusing here. It says you cant run on macOS in this line but the paragraph above says you can. Would clarify

Author: I might need help on the vocab.

mac OS refers to all apple personal computers, right? Is "Mac PC" an oxymoron or does it apply?

The only goal is to say "works on Mac because java and most of our dependencies build for Mac, but not M1 because most dependencies don't build for M1"

Author: Wait actually... is the Note still true? CSCore should support mac.... right?

Reviewer: I'm not sure if CSCore supports back or not, but Peter would know better. macOS refers to apple computers in my experience, I was just confused because of the seemingly contradictory statements (you can run on a non M1 mac and then PhotonVision cant run on macOS)

Author: I went ahead and hedged. If someone has time to test on macOS and prove the satemetns wrong we can run with that but otherwise.... we'll just leave it vauge and say "there's issues but some works"

Installing Java
---------------

> PhotonVision requires a JDK installed and on the system path. JDK 11 or higher is needed. You may already have this if you have fully installed the FRC toolchain. If not, `download and install it from here <https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk17-mac>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PhotonVision requires a JDK installed and on the system path. JDK 11 or higher is needed. You may already have this if you have fully installed the FRC toolchain. If not, `download and install it from here <https://bell-sw.com/pages/liberica_install_guide-11.0.7/>`_.
```

Reviewer 2: Should this match the JDK 11 link from the contribution guide?

> PhotonVision requires a JDK installed and on the system path. JDK 11 or higher is needed. You may already have this if you have fully installed the FRC toolchain. If not, `download and install it from here <https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk17-mac>`_.

Reviewer: any reason we aren't doing AdoptOpenJDK? That installation experience has always been nicer for our students.

Author: I think just consistency with what's out there already. Really it should be "whatever wpilib does". I'm hedging though just becuase I've never tried any of the answers recently.

Downloading the Latest Stable Release of PhotonVision
-----------------------------------------------------

> Download the latest stable release of PhotonVision from the `GitHub releases page <https://github.com/PhotonVision/photonvision/releases>`_.

Reviewer: Maybe add the warning for the draft/prerealase stuff as an admonition with better wording. still valuable to include in my opinion

Author: Possibly. I couldn't remember what sparked the line initially so I figured take it out and see who complained :)

An admonition block seems like a good idea.
